feat: popover component (#453)
Trendyol/baklava: src/components/popover/bl-popover.stories.mdx

<bl-alert variant="warning" icon>Inline styles in examples are only for **demo purposes**. Use regular CSS classes or tag selectors to set styles.</bl-alert>

## Basic Usage

Popover can be used with any trigger such as button, icon, text, etc.
Trigger can be passed to target attribute as element instance or with by id.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Show popover with id trigger"  args={{ buttonText:'Trigger by id', id:'1' }} play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
  <Story name="Show popover with instance trigger"  args={{ buttonText:'Trigger with instance' ,id:'2' }} play={popoverOpener}>
    {TargetInstanceStoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Arrow
You can give `--bl-popover-arrow-display` for popover arrow visibility. Default arrow is `none`.
w
You can use the other options:

* `none`
* `block`

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Arrow"
         args={{ id:'3', style: '--bl-popover-arrow-display: block;--bl-popover-background-color:var(--bl-color-content-tertiary);',
            buttonText:'Popover with arrow' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Background Color

> You can give `--bl-popover-background-color` for popover background. Default color is ` #fff`.

Reviewer: Default is not `#fff`, it's `--bl-color-primary-background`

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Background Color"
         args={{  id:'4', style: '--bl-popover-background-color:var(--bl-color-featured-background);',
         buttonText:'Custom Background'}}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Border Color

> You can give `--bl-popover-border-color` for popover border color. Default color is `#ef6114`.

Reviewer: Please use variables names for default values.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Border Color"
         args={{  id:'5', style: '--bl-popover-border-color:blue;', buttonText:'Border Color' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Padding
You can give `--bl-popover-padding` for popover padding. Default padding is `1rem`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Padding"
         args={{  id:'6', style: '--bl-popover-padding:2rem;', buttonText:'Large Padding' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
  <Story name="Padding 0"
         args={{  id:'7', style: '--bl-popover-padding:0;', buttonText:'No Padding' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Border Radius
You can give `--bl-popover-border-radius` for border radius. Default padding is `0.25rem`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Border Radius"
         args={{  id:'8', style: '--bl-popover-border-radius:0;', buttonText:'Border Radius 0' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Offset

> You can give `offset` for padding from target. Default padding is `10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the distance of the popover to the target element with `offset`. The default distance is `10px`.
```

By the way, are we sure if this default distance is set according to our design system values? I don't think that we have a sizing step as 10px.

@buseselvi what should be the default distance of popover element to its target element?

Reviewer 2: It has 8px padding

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default Offset"
         args={{  id:'9',placement:'right', buttonText:'Default Offset'}}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
  <Story name="Custom Offset"
         args={{  id:'10',placement:'right', offset:'40', buttonText:'Custom Offset'}}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## FitSize

> You can give `fitSize` for auto size. Default fitSize is `false`.

Reviewer: Please add some hints about meaning of "auto size". You may say something like
> By default popover will have width according to its content. If you set `fitSize` as `true`, popover width will be at least as wide as the target element. This is helpful for use-cases like dropdown buttons.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Fitsize"
         args={{  id:'11', fitSize:'true', buttonText:'Long content text for fitSize'}}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Shift
You can give `shift` for floating element along the specified axes in order to keep it in view. Default fitSize is `false`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Shift"
         args={{  id:'12', shift:'true' }}
         play={popoverOpener}>
    {StoryTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Placement

You can give `placement` for popover direction.The position of the popover and arrow change according to this property.  Default placement is `top`.

You can use the other options:

* `top-start`
* `top`
* `top-end`
* `bottom-start`
* `bottom`
* `bottom-end`
* `left-start`
* `left`
* `left-end`
* `right-start`
* `right`
* `right-end`

If there is not enough room for the popover in the given placement, the popover is repositioned automatically according to the empty area.

> For example, if there is not enough room on the top, the popover is shown on the bottom.

Reviewer: This relies on `shift` parameter. Maybe you can move this example to `shift` title.

import { html } from 'lit';
import { ifDefined } from 'lit/directives/if-defined.js';
import { Meta, Canvas, ArgsTable, Story, Preview, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { userEvent } from '@storybook/testing-library';

<Meta
  title="Components/Popover"
  component="bl-popover"
  parameters={{
    layout: 'centered',
    chromatic: { viewports: [1000] },
  }}
  argTypes={{
    placement: {
      control: 'text',
      default: 'top'
    },
    shift: {
      control: 'boolean',
      default: false
    },
    fitSize: {
      control: 'boolean',
      default: false,
    },
    offset: {
      control: 'number',
      default: '10'
    }
  }}
/>

export const IconTriggerTemplate = (args) => html`

> <bl-button slot="tooltip-trigger" id="button" @click="${() => handleButtonClick("popover")}" >Trigger Popover</bl-button>

Author: Actually, I forgot to remove unused template like `IconTriggerTemplate`. We use another function that called as StoryTemplate. I will change `click` to` bl-click` on that template.
